README.md, before:

# Android Error Demo

A small project to demonstrate the issue when referencing certian java8 methods in an Android
app.

`bazel build //src/main:app1` gives the following error:

```
ERROR: C:/projects/bazel/android_error_demo/src/main/java/com/example1/bazel/BUILD:5:1: Dexing src/main/java/com/example1/bazel/_dx/greeter_activity/libgreeter_activity.jar_desugared.jar with applicable dexopts [] failed (Exit 1)
java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException: com.android.dx.cf.code.SimException: ERROR in com.example1.bazel.Dep.message:()Ljava/lang/String;: invoking a static interface method java.util.stream.Collector.of:(Ljava/util/function/Supplier;Ljava/util/function/BiConsumer;Ljava/util/funct
ion/BinaryOperator;Ljava/util/function/Function;[Ljava/util/stream/Collector$Characteristics;)Ljava/util/stream/Collector; strictly requires --min-sdk-version >= 24 (blocked at current API level 13)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.report(FutureTask.java:122)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.get(FutureTask.java:191)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.produceDexArchive(DexBuilder.java:255)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.processRequest(DexBuilder.java:220)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.runPersistentWorker(DexBuilder.java:173)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.main(DexBuilder.java:121)
Caused by: com.android.dx.cf.code.SimException: ERROR in com.example1.bazel.Dep.message:()Ljava/lang/String;: invoking a static interface method java.util.stream.Collector.of:(Ljava/util/function/Supplier;Ljava/util/function/BiConsumer;Ljava/util/function/BinaryOperator;Ljava/util/
function/Function;[Ljava/util/stream/Collector$Characteristics;)Ljava/util/stream/Collector; strictly requires --min-sdk-version >= 24 (blocked at current API level 13)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.fail(Simulator.java:947)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.checkInvokeInterfaceSupported(Simulator.java:917)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.access$500(Simulator.java:43)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator$SimVisitor.visitConstant(Simulator.java:687)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.BytecodeArray.parseInstruction(BytecodeArray.java:764)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.simulate(Simulator.java:117)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Ropper.processBlock(Ropper.java:789)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Ropper.doit(Ropper.java:744)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Ropper.convert(Ropper.java:349)
        at com.android.dx.dex.cf.CfTranslator.processMethods(CfTranslator.java:309)
        at com.android.dx.dex.cf.CfTranslator.translate0(CfTranslator.java:150)
        at com.android.dx.dex.cf.CfTranslator.translate(CfTranslator.java:102)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.Dexing.addToDexFile(Dexing.java:219)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexConverter.toDexFile(DexConverter.java:31)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexConversionEnqueuer$ClassToDex.call(DexConversionEnqueuer.java:173)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexConversionEnqueuer$ClassToDex.call(DexConversionEnqueuer.java:156)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:264)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorker(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:1128)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:628)
        at java.base/java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:834)
```

Despite the `AndroidManifest.xml` file specifying `minSdkVersion=28` and `targetSdkVersion=28`.
It may be that `Collectors.of` is simply not available at all in Android, even with the higher
 sdk versions, but if this is the case, the error message is misleading.
 
Nothing is specifying API level 13 and no other dependencies are een being referenced.

Commit message:

Split out the different java8 uses into different class for easier demo-ing.

README.md, after:

# Android Error Demo

A small project to demonstrate the issue when referencing certain java8 methods in an Android
app.

The three `Uses*` classes attempt to use different Java 8 features:

* `UsesCollectorOf` uses the `Collector.of` method specifically.  This method is referenced in
 the [Java 8 support table](https://developer.android.com/studio/write/java8-support-table) as
  being available via desugaring.
* `UsesStaticInterfaceMethod` defines and exercises static methods on an interface.
* `UsesStreamApi` uses the `Stream` API but avoids the `Collector.of` method specifically.

If `UsesCollectorOf.java` is excluded from the `BUILD`'s `srcs` attribute, everything builds fine.
If, however, it is included, then `bazel build //src/main:app` gives the following error:

```
ERROR: C:/projects/bazel/android_error_demo/src/main/java/com/example/bazel/BUILD:5:1: Dexing src/main/java/com/example/bazel/_dx/greeter_activity/libgreeter_activity.jar_desugared.jar with applicable dexopts [] failed (Exit 1)
java.util.concurrent.ExecutionException: com.android.dx.cf.code.SimException: ERROR in com.example.bazel.Dep.message:()Ljava/lang/String;: invoking a static interface method java.util.stream.Collector.of:(Ljava/util/function/Supplier;Ljava/util/function/BiConsumer;Ljava/util/funct
ion/BinaryOperator;Ljava/util/function/Function;[Ljava/util/stream/Collector$Characteristics;)Ljava/util/stream/Collector; strictly requires --min-sdk-version >= 24 (blocked at current API level 13)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.report(FutureTask.java:122)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.get(FutureTask.java:191)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.produceDexArchive(DexBuilder.java:255)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.processRequest(DexBuilder.java:220)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.runPersistentWorker(DexBuilder.java:173)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexBuilder.main(DexBuilder.java:121)
Caused by: com.android.dx.cf.code.SimException: ERROR in com.example.bazel.Dep.message:()Ljava/lang/String;: invoking a static interface method java.util.stream.Collector.of:(Ljava/util/function/Supplier;Ljava/util/function/BiConsumer;Ljava/util/function/BinaryOperator;Ljava/util/
function/Function;[Ljava/util/stream/Collector$Characteristics;)Ljava/util/stream/Collector; strictly requires --min-sdk-version >= 24 (blocked at current API level 13)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.fail(Simulator.java:947)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.checkInvokeInterfaceSupported(Simulator.java:917)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.access$500(Simulator.java:43)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator$SimVisitor.visitConstant(Simulator.java:687)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.BytecodeArray.parseInstruction(BytecodeArray.java:764)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Simulator.simulate(Simulator.java:117)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Ropper.processBlock(Ropper.java:789)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Ropper.doit(Ropper.java:744)
        at com.android.dx.cf.code.Ropper.convert(Ropper.java:349)
        at com.android.dx.dex.cf.CfTranslator.processMethods(CfTranslator.java:309)
        at com.android.dx.dex.cf.CfTranslator.translate0(CfTranslator.java:150)
        at com.android.dx.dex.cf.CfTranslator.translate(CfTranslator.java:102)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.Dexing.addToDexFile(Dexing.java:219)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexConverter.toDexFile(DexConverter.java:31)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexConversionEnqueuer$ClassToDex.call(DexConversionEnqueuer.java:173)
        at com.google.devtools.build.android.dexer.DexConversionEnqueuer$ClassToDex.call(DexConversionEnqueuer.java:156)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.FutureTask.run(FutureTask.java:264)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor.runWorker(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:1128)
        at java.base/java.util.concurrent.ThreadPoolExecutor$Worker.run(ThreadPoolExecutor.java:628)
        at java.base/java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:834)
```

This occurs despite the `AndroidManifest.xml` file specifying `minSdkVersion=28` and
 `targetSdkVersion=28`. Nothing is specifying API level 13 and no other dependencies are een
  being referenced.
